docs: add Kilo Slackbot integration documentation (#4572)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: apps/kilocode-docs/docs/advanced-usage/slackbot.md

Mention the bot in any channel where it's been added:

```
@Kilo can you explain how the authentication flow works in our backend?
```

This is great for:
- Team discussions where AI assistance would help
- Collaborative debugging sessions
- Getting quick answers during code reviews

---

## Use Cases

### Ask Questions About Your Repositories

Get instant answers about your codebase without switching contexts:

```
@Kilo what does the UserService class do in our main backend repo?
```

```
@Kilo how is error handling implemented in the payment processing module?
```

### Implement Fixes from Slack Discussions

When your team identifies an issue or improvement in a Slack thread, ask the bot to implement it:

```
@Kilo based on this thread, can you implement the fix for the null pointer exception in the order processing service?
```

The bot can:
- Read the context from the thread
- Understand the proposed solution
- Create a branch with the implementation
- Push the changes to your repository

### Debug Issues

Share error messages or stack traces and get help:

```
@Kilo I'm seeing this error in production:
[paste error message]
Can you help me understand what's causing it?
```

> ### Code Reviews and Explanations

Reviewer: i would remove this section

Get AI-powered insights during code reviews:

```
@Kilo can you review the changes in PR #123 and suggest any improvements?
```

---

## How It Works

1. **Message the bot** — Either through DMs or by mentioning it in a channel
2. **Bot processes your request** — The Slackbot uses your connected GitHub repositories to understand context
3. **AI generates a response** — Kilo Code's AI analyzes your request and provides helpful responses

> 4. **Code changes (if requested)** — For implementation requests, the bot can create branches and push code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Code changes (if requested)** — For implementation requests, the bot can create pull requests
```
